Change vocabulary to be more focused on the application (#33)
11michalis11/ED-EMS-game-paper: sections/model_overview/main.tex

The problem studied is a 3-player normal form game. The players are:
  
\begin{itemize}
    \item the decision makers of two Emergency Departments (EDs)
    \item the Emergency Medical Services (EMS) that distribute individuals in 
    ambulances to the EDs
\end{itemize}

This is a standard normal form game~\cite{Maschler2013},  
in that each player in this game has their own objectives which they aim to 
optimise.
More specifically, the EDs' objective is captured by an upper bound
of the time that a fixed proportion of individuals spend in the system, 
while the EMS aims to minimise the time that its ambulances 
are blocked.
This can be generalised for any such system where instead of EDs there are some
queueing systems and instead of the EMS there is some distributor that allocates 
individuals to the queueing systems. 

The queueing systems of the hospitals are designed in such a way where they can
accept two types
of individuals. 

> % TODO: Decide whether to define type 1, 2 only in game section, only in queueing section, or both

Reviewer: I feel here is the correct spot.

Type 2 individuals are defined as non-urgent patients arriving in ambulances 
that are allocated by the ambulance service and 
type 1 individuals are individuals arriving from other sources 
(e.g walk-in patients, urgent patients from either walk-ins or ambulances).
Each hospital may then choose to block type 2 individuals 
when the hospital reaches a certain capacity. 
The strategy sets for each hospital is the set 
\( \{T \in \mathbb{N} \;|\; 1 \leq T \leq N\} \) where \(N \in\{N_A, N_B\}\) are 
the total capacities of hospitals \(A\) and \(B\). We denote the chosen actions 
from the strategy set as \(T_A, T_B\) and call these \textit{threshold}s.

Both hospitals follow a queueing model with two waiting zones for 
individuals. 
The first waiting zone (i.e. the waiting space of the hospital) is where the 
patients queue right before receiving 
their service and has a queue capacity of \( N - C \), where \(N\) is the total 

> capacity of the hospital and \(C\) is the number of servers. 
> % TODO: Mention what we mean by servers here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
capacity of the hospital and \(C\) is the number of healthcare 
professionals able to see them.
```

I'm not convinced by my suggestion.

Reviewer 2: Will include this and add a `TODO` to see how well it works after restructuring
